people in the middle ages thought onions
were so
important back then you could use them
to pay your rent
now don't count on your rental office
accepting onions as
payment nowadays but what you can do is
put them near your bed at night
there's an old trick going back to the
1500s that cutting an
onion into quarters and putting it near
your bed will help relieve a cough
they even say it can prevent cold and
flu altogether
a doctor in the early 1900s recommended
it to his patients
and they all stayed healthy while other
people in the area got sick
the idea comes from an onion's
antibacterial properties
that supposedly absorb dirty air science
doesn't back that one up these days but
there are plenty of other things you can
do with an
onion in the bedroom some people use
onions as a strange foot detox
you cut an onion into slices put one on
the bottom of each foot
and slip your socks on to keep it in
place overnight
apparently onions have the power to
cleanse toxins from the body
through the feet or maybe your footsies
are just so cold at night
try rubbing some raw onion on your toes
it's supposed to boost blood circulation
and warm the area
up then throw some cozy socks on get
under the blankets and let the onions
magic do its work
okay how about thinning hair and bald
spots
some swear by the power of onion juice
more precisely the sulfur in it
to stimulate hair growth and strengthen
your luscious locks
that very same sulfur and onions can
also help you treat sunburns
let's say you missed a spot when
applying your sunscreen
grab an onion cut it and apply it to the
affected area
boom quick fix when you're out of aloe
vera gel
the sulfur and onions also promotes
collagen production
collagen is a must have for youthful
healthy skin
it sort of works like a balloon under
the skin to raise wrinkles and fine
lines
you'll see it in a lot of skin care
products but it's been sitting in your
kitchen this whole time
onions promote sleep too they contain a
certain amino acid that acts as a
natural sedative
while reducing stress win-win if you
slice raw onions and keep them near the
bed
you can rest assured you're getting good
quality z's
because no one will get near you i'm
guessing
yep onions can help you train your pet
too
if your puppy or kitten is tearing up
your precious things or ruining the
carpets
rub an onion where the damage was done
both cats and dogs can't stand the smell
so it'll keep them from repeating the
same no-no
and probably the best trick you can keep
mosquitoes away at night with just a
bowl of onion slices near the bed
other insects such as ants aphids and
carrot flies avoid the smell too
there you go a room free of creepy
crawly intruders
and just in case the bowl trick doesn't
work and one of those mosquitoes manages
to bite you
grab one of those onions in your bowl
and rub it on the bite
the onion's anti-inflammatory properties
will help reduce the itchiness swelling
and burning
now a super surprising one this pungent
veggie can get rid of bad
smells in the room whether that's musty
odors or the smell of fresh paint
it'll even neutralize its own odor too
after a while
onions act as an awesome cleaning agent
simply cut an onion and rub it on a
dirty or streaky window
remember that next time you're out of
cleaner while you're at it go ahead and
hit all the glass surfaces in your house
for best results after rubbing the dirty
glass with cut up onions
use a paste made up of baking soda and
water to neutralize any odors
last step remove any streaks with an old
newspaper
onions can get rid of scorch marks on
irons too
all you have to do is cut an onion and
apply it to the stain
and the scorch marks will gradually fade
away
on that same note if you have a metal
bed frame or any other metal object in a
room that's got some rust marks
apply a sliced onion to it hold it there
for a few seconds to let it work its
wonders
then sit back and watch as the rust
magically disappears
uh oh look down your shoes are dirty go
ahead and cut up a raw
onion and rub it on your shoes for a few
minutes this will remove
mud and grass stains easily use a moist
cloth at the end to wipe off any residue
okay looks like onions are a cure-all
for any household problem you
got but it's not just them your kitchen
is full of stuff that'll make your
chores a breeze
some people keep mint leaves not only in
their bedroom
but all over the house to keep mice away
cucumber slices are known as a remedy
for tired eyes
but cucumber peel acts as a deterrent to
ants
or my personal favorite garlic to keep
spiders out
the best way to do it is a homemade
spray
silverfish wreak havoc in homes if they
come into your bedroom
chances are they'll damage your clothing
carpet and curtains
to prevent all that mess keep some
cinnamon nearby
same goes for moths too and if you have
a big exam or
meeting that day grab that cinnamon and
take it with you
munching on a cinnamon stick while
studying for a test or memorizing a
speech
will help you retain the information
better if you find yourself
face to face with a cockroach in your
home time to act fast
sprinkle some bay leaves in the room
cockroaches can't stand its smell
it works even better if you crush them
since their aroma will be even stronger
the smell of crushed mint leaves and raw
garlic cloves will drive
cockroaches far away from your home too
when it comes to cleaning items citrus
peels much like onions have
many uses it polishes brass copper and
any non-ferrous metal
and gives it a beautiful shine speaking
of which
if you've run out of shoe polish just
rub the inside of a banana peel on your
shoes
it works the same way banana peel is
also used to buff house plants
to give them a healthy shine another
good tip for
plant lovers stop throwing away your
used tea bags
take the wet leaves out of the bag and
sprinkle them on the top of the soil
tea grounds act like a natural
fertilizer
chewing on fresh herbs works wonders by
freshening breath naturally
that's why many people keep sprigs of
parsley mint rosemary or tarragon by
their bed
zapping morning breath away before you
even get out of bed
nice if your pores are looking a little
too big
cut a tomato in half and rub the juicy
part on your face
let it sit for 15 minutes then wash off
the residue
besides minimizing pores tomato is also
a natural skin brightener thanks to all
that vitamin c in them
some studies have found that the
linoleum in basil plants
helps boost your mood sprigs of rosemary
are also handy near the bed for insomnia
and de-stressing
now here's a weird one as if the other
ones weren't boiling potato peels for 20
minutes
creates a natural hair dye it can help
mask graze
or just give your hair some extra luster
just be sure to let the water cool down
first before you pour it on your head
raw potato slices help fade dark under
eye circles
the vitamin c and niacin in them have
skin brightening effects
some people always seem to have an apple
by their bedside table
not too surprising once you learn the
smell of green apples
helps relieve headaches and here's a fun
one to try
next time you're doing crunches or
sit-ups hold an apple between your knees
that way while working your abs you'll
also activate the muscles in your
inner thighs or if you're like me and
exercise just isn't your thing
here's a fun diy project decor an apple
and use it as a candle holder makes for
a lovely fall decoration
at least until it starts rotting